because we're a remote first company and
no one is in the same physical location
as anyone else good communication is
fundamental concern for us what is good
communication well first it means you
need to be available so that in one
click we can start a high bandwidth full
video call with one or more people and
start working just like stepping into an
office we use zoom for these types of
meetings it implies that each one of us
has a standard that includes a noise
cancelling microphone a high-definition
camera it also means taking care of
lighting and the background of what the
meeting participants see and of course
having a stellar internet in a quiet
location so you might be anywhere at
home traveling in an air B&B :
co-located work office or even a coffee
shop but these standards are critical on
most projects we'll have a daily standup
which are run over zoom clients can
participate over zoom as well now
sometimes we'll travel to client
locations for a kickoff or a
presentation and that gives us the
ability to cement the relationships face
to face that we then continue on zoom at
most you can expect to have three or
four of those one or two day meetings a
year we don't always meet on video and
in-person we also use modern chat tools
like slack every project has its own
channel and it acts as a heartbeat for
the project's clients do participate in
those channels as well we continue to
use these tools outside of client and
project interactions we have slack for
JavaScript skills and blockchain
enthusiasts we also have fun slack
channels to those that are more personal
like travel fitness or cooking we even
have a coffee chat channel where people
are randomly connected to get to know
each other better I do want to say one
more thing about communication the
purpose of communication is coordination
for a purpose and that clever tech our
purpose is to create accomplishments
accomplishments for our clients and for
people and that requires getting a bit
deeper than transactional communication
that's limit
to discussion about tickets we take that
seriously and we offer a variety of
mediums to share more of yourself and
your ambitions with our wider team